Welcome back, guys. Welcome back to a
new vlog. Welcome back to a new week. I
hope you guys are all doing amazing. It
is Wednesday. I just finished a modeling
job. It's lunchtime. I'm going to eat.
But before I do that, I have
got a package. We have some really
interesting silverware that I bought
secondhand. Um, you guys know I love
this website called Sill and See. This
is where I buy most of little pieces
here and there of secondhand. never
bought actual furniture, but I'd love
to. In the kitchen, one thing that I
purchased there secondhand was this mug
and little um plate set. And I got six
pieces and I got this for if I remember
like 30 or 35 the six pieces. So, it's
really really great deal. And I love
this. I think it looks really good uh
with my kitchen in general and with the
vibe of the house. It's from the brand
Kristoff, which is a very famous luxury
French silverware table wear um
decoration brand. It was established I
think in like
1830 1850. So it's really really old.
It's very wellnown and so they have many
many things there from them. So if
you're looking for some Kristoff pieces,
you can definitely head on that website
called Senci. Oh my god. And I got these
spoons. I fell in love with spoons and I
got them. I don't know if I'll be using
them daily, but I just thought it was
such a gorgeous piece to have on a table
when you invite people um at dessert or
things like that. I thought it looked
really good. So, here is the box. As you
can see, the brand Kristoff.
Are we ready?
And here they are. Look how cute. I love
this little black detail. I love that
they're gold. I think they're going to
look so gorgeous. Look at that. So
gorgeous. I love it. I really fell in
love with this little detail. I think it
just made it so modern and cool, and I
think it's just really going to bring
something to a table. Love it. Also,
since we're looking at vintage kind of
decor, my mom uh gave me one of her uh
presents that she got at her wedding at
the time in Japan, which is a jivveni
plate. So chic.
So freaking chic. And I love it cuz it's
like a wedding gift from her wedding
with my dad. And I think it's such a
like precious little
um thing to have in my kitchen and when
you invite people. So I guess we're
going to be spending a lot of time in
this kitchen.
Okay. So it's night time. It's dinner
time. And my mom was supposed to come um
to eat at my place for dinner. So I was
going to make a meal with her help, but
her train is late. So she's not going to
make it on time. So she's not going to
make it actually for dinner. Anyways,
I'm still going to make the meal and try
to make it as good as her. It's what she
called, I think, in Japanese,
shugoyaki.
It's like a very thinly sliced pork in
ginger and a little bit of soy sauce and
all that. And it was fabulous when she
made it last time she was here. And I've
been craving it ever since. So, we're
having that tonight. It's going to be
rice. Um the little shredded pork. I got
this. I love this. This is um marinated
radish. It's so good. I buy all these
things at a place called Kmart in Paris.
They have several ones.
M I love it. Little
edamame.
Always buy these at Kmart, too. She
said, "Put everything in a bowl. We'll
just mix it with salt, pepper, grated
ginger, olive oil, and let it sit a
little bit. So, we're going to do that.
So you add all the ginger, grated
ginger,
pepper,
salt,
olive oil,
and then put it in the fridge. Now I'm
going to show you how I make my rice. My
mom taught me how to make rice when I
was a kid. Uh, in Brazil we eat a lot of
rice. We eat rice and beans. So, it's
just something that we eat so often. And
really, really young, my mom taught me
how to make rice. And this is how I make
it. And um, and honestly, I feel like
it's the best way. It just tastes so
delicious. Before I show how I make my
rice, I just poured myself a glass of
water and it remembered it reminded me
of a video I saw today that is really
interesting. Um,
it's about stress. So, there's this
teacher that pours a glass of water and
he asks his students, "What is the
weight of the glass of water?" And then
the students kind of give more like
concrete answers. And what he says, it
says, "The absolute weight of a glass of
water doesn't matter. It depends on how
long you hold on to it." So, it means
that if you hold on to it for a minute,
it's not going to do anything. If you
hold on to it for an hour, you're going
to start to get a little, you know, your
arm's going to start to hurt. If you
hold on to it all day, you're going to
get really numb and tired of holding the
glass of water. And so he says, "This is
the same thing about the little worries
and stress in life. If you think about
them just for a little bit, it's okay.
If you think about about them for a
little longer, it can start to hurt. If
you keep thinking about your stress um
the things that stresses you out about
life for too long, then it's going to
paralyze you and prevent you from doing
anything great. And so now I kind of
have this like little thing in my mind,
this little note where I'm like, okay,
when you have a worry, let go.
So, this is how I make my rice. I put
the heat on very medium to low.
Some olive oil
here.
I add this cup of rice.
And I stir
the olive oil and the rice until it
becomes kind of transparent. And then
whatever cup you use, whatever amount of
rice you put, you put the same amount of
water but two times
and then I cover it up and leave it on
for like good 15 minutes. I cooked
and you know what?
I didn't work out this morning.
And I'm like, I'm home. I'm alone.
I'm at peace.
Should I go work out? Like a little, you
know, like a little
a little workout, a little something.
Should I? You know what I want right
now? I wish this phase right now that
I'm in, the motivation phase,
the showing up for myself phase, was
done cuz it's the hardest one cuz I know
that once I start a class and I'm in it,
I'm not even questioning it anymore.
Just have to get to it. Let me just put
a legging on and I'm going to do it. And
I made it. Motivated myself. I'm gonna
do a little 15inut arm workout and 15
minute ab workout. And I love Pilates by
Izzy because they're short but they're
super spicy. In three
in two.
On this next one, open the arms and hold
strong through your core. Lift your hips
up. Bring the weights to tap together
overhead.
Open out to the side. Lower down and
then close.
Open. Lift. Relax your shoulders. Tap.
Lower.
Hinge. Going to add that dip of the hips
back in. Ready? All the way up. As you
come down, you dip.
Squeeze the glutes and the core. Lift.
Dip
and lift. And I have an event tomorrow
night and I know I'm going to do a
little fake tanning tonight like a
little, you know, usual glow that I use,
which is use this on the body, which is
the lotion. It's very subtle, but it
just gives a really nice glow. And on
the face, I use this, the face by
Tanlux. Both are from Tanlux. Um, you
just add a few drops into your
moisturizer. Don't do like my boyfriend
that used this literally as if it was a
serum and he just like goes like that on
his face. Crazy. But he is also addicted
to this product ever since he's tried it
from me. He's like it just makes me look
so much more alive and it does. I'm
first going to exfoliate my body. I'm
going to use this from Natura. My mom
bought me. This is the body scrub
in the um
Castellonia line.
Smells divine and it
and it leaves a very nice feeling to the
skin. I'm going to use this body wash by
Necess in the
juice. I love this. I took my nail
polish off. My nails have been not great
lately and so I was at which sometimes I
buy some things there. Um, and you know
I've tried before the one from I think
it's
uh which is the hard to resist advanced
works really well. You're supposed to
put two coats and then whatever nail
polish you want. This works well but I
don't know. I went by this brand. It's
called Mavala. It's a pretty known brand
and they had these like nail shield and
it was in two phases. So I was like,
"Oh, maybe this is really good." Uh, so
it comes in a pack together and you have
phase one and phase two, which is nice
cuz it has a little bit of a natural
nude color, so it's perfect.
That's all I have to say. Didn't do
anything for me. Um, my nails kept
breaking and I've been using this for
like 10 days, I would say. No
difference. Anyway, time to get this
dinner finished. The rice is cooked. I'm
going to show it to you. Final result on
the rice. This is what it should look
like. It doesn't burn. It's really good.
Edamame is ready just to snack on. And
then I'm going to make a little um red
cabbage and carrot salad. And I made a
sauce that I really love. It's olive
oil, apple cider vinegar, rice vinegar,
and a little bit of um soy sauce. And
it's really delicious. You can also add
uh which makes it super yummy um sesame
oil. Really, really good.
Here is the final result. Super simple,
but super yummy. I tried this and it's
turned out pretty good. Not
>> Good morning, guys. Today is shipment
day. We've received all of our
production yesterday afternoon and it is
time we pack all the orders. I am so
excited to get everything out. We do
have one situation that I hope is going
to get solved today, but we
a box is missing from the production. a
full box is missing with one specific
style and one specific size and that is
a huge problem. So I hope I hope I hope
we are going to get this solved because
it would really be complicated. Great
news guys. The box has been found cuz I
told them we had a box missing.
>> Oh yeah.
>> And it's been found and we have it this
morning. That is I woke up today. I was
kind of stressed.
>> Really? No, it was not. It was said
partially delivered.
>> Partially delivered. You know those
things. We have an event with Lisa
tonight and we just received the
invitation. And look how pretty this is.
Little detail and the paper.
So gorgeous.
Our little packing station is ready.
Just like last time. My mom did uh
catering and she brought this is our one
of our favorite Brazilian candies, Seven
Bellow. We've put my mom to
contribution. She
identifies the style and she preps them
in the silk tops there. Look at her.
Um, I'm packing and of course had to put
some music in the background. And I
recently rediscovered a song I love and
I had to share it with you guys. It's
from the band called Hers. And it's
called What Once Was. And the melody of
this music is so
I don't know fresh but also nostalgic.
And I just could listen to the song over
and over again. So we only have 10
orders to go. And here is our first
batch of the day. We need to bring
everything at the post office now. Good
evening. I am getting ready for the
event I told you guys about earlier. Um
I'm debating with myself.
I think I'm going to wear a full-on
black look from Becking Bridge. But then
I think what do I do with the makeup? I
kind of wanted to do something
different. I did my base like skin base.
So, nothing new here.
And I was like, should I do a smokey
eye? But not the brown one that I
usually do, like a black one. But then
we know the problem about that is one
don't have that much time to mess up.
And if I mess up, it's going to look bad
bad. So I'm like,
should I should I not? I'm like, should
I?
It would be kind of this this.
Am I crazy? Let me see.
It's not that pigmented.
Kind of would look
could look really cool and very
different,
but I don't know if I want to take the
risk. I went for it, but I did it in a
very subtle way.
I really need to do like a makeup
session where I really do like a really
black smokey eye just to see the vibes.
So,
goes more into the brown, but that's
okay. And get whatever excess is here.
And I'm going to go here under. Trust
the process this point.
Don't have a choice to do that. Oh my
god, guys. I dislike my makeup so much
right now. And I Oof.
Oh no. But you know, you can't win every
time. So this Oh my god. Nothing's right
in the light. I don't know. I don't like
it. What do you guys think?
Just going to hide it with my hair like
that. Like
we are wearing a simple black pants
little backless top by Becca Bridge. So
let's do it. So, it's like this and it
has this like really pretty detail. Look
at that. You can do it however you want.
It's little buttons that goes all around
the pants and you have the same detail
on the top in the back. So pretty and
chic.
See that little button details keep on
going here. I'm just going to go like
that. And I'm not even going to wear a
jacket because it's 23° and it's kind of
the beginning of summer. Okay, you know
what's going on. I know what's going on.
This is a type of look that would have
looked really good if I had fake tanned,
but I didn't because I fell asleep last
night and I forgot.
It is what it is. Okay, that's kind of
cute. Just do that. It's cute. I'm going
to wear heels, little bag. Let's get
out. Picked up the sister.
What's the
heat?
All right, guys. I just got back from
London. Today is Sunday. Um, the London
part will be a vlog on its own that will
be out in a week, just so you know. and
I am getting organized for a trip. I
don't know if I've said it yet in the
vlog, but Lisa and I and our two
boyfriends are all leaving for Bali on
Tuesday,
which we're all so so excited about.
It's a little getaway that we're doing
for 2 weeks, the four of us, and it's
going to be so much fun. As I'm packing,
I'm kind of looking at what I want to
bring. And as I told you guys in my last
vlog, I have received a lot of makeup
gifting. The three brands that I got
lately is Merit, Nars, and Dior Beauty.
And I just wanted to dig into it. And
honestly, I am so attached to the makeup
products that I use every day that I
have a hard time being like, "Oh, let me
switch this up for today." We are going
to start with base. So base, I got
different types of product. I'm going to
start with the Forever Skin Glow by
Dior. It's the shade 1N was.
Okay. So, I always apply in the back of
my hand.
I'm going to start with one pump. It's
very, very
um fluid. You guys know I love the Dior
backstage foundation. In terms of
consistency, this one's a little bit
more liquid as you can see. See, it's
already running on my hand. I'm going to
use my Hourglass
foundation brush. I love to just pack
some product onto the brush like that.
So, it gives a very
natural finishing onto the skin.
This is like nothing on your skin. So,
that is already a huge
um positive point for me because I don't
like makeup that feels too heavy on the
skin, that looks too heavy.
I am pretty particular with that.
Look at the difference. Here I have
nothing on and here I have the
foundation.
Such a big difference. See, it color
corrected all my redness, everything.
Wow. I had to get up to go see it in the
mirror of my bathroom, which is where I
usually do my makeup just to see how it
looks. And it looks so good. I'm
obsessed, guys. Next, I got the
complexion stick by Merit. It's called
the Minimalist. So, basically, this
stick, you can use it all over your
face. And I thought I'd just color
correct under my eye around my nose just
to test
the consistency and the coverage for you
guys.
Merit is truly a brand that to me has
nailed the no makeup makeup look. If
you're someone that doesn't want
products that feels too heavy, that want
things that just look super um natural,
Merit is for you. You're going to really
really love this brand for that.
Oh, that's very pretty, too. Like it did
do a little correction.
Same here. Very light consistency.
And it blended really easily. That's so
pretty.
We need to do, of course, bronzer. We're
going to use the Merit
Bronze Balm sheer.
I'm very curious to try this. I tried it
on my hand in the last vlog and it
looked very serum like. This is shade
clay.
It's Oh my god, it's so pretty. Look at
that. It's like so shiny. It looks like
a candy
directly on my cheek like I would. Then
I'm going to use the smaller part of the
brush.
And blend it in.
Wow.
Okay. It's extremely subtle. It blends
in. Did you see that? It blended in a
second. I think I can be a little bit
more
intense with it if I kind of want more
color into my skin. My brush and go to
my forehead like that.
When I do bronzer, I kind of do this
like
this is the placement for me. So, it
goes a little bit over in the forehead.
I always do a little swipe here and then
of course the cheek and then down a
little bit here. Note that if you're
someone that loves a pretty present
bronzer, you're not going to like this.
You're going to want something that's a
little bit more um intense. For example,
the
balm by Makeup by Mario or the bronzer,
the serum bronzer by Makeup by Mario. I
think you'd prefer it to this. This is
very, very subtle. I have another
bronzer. like I don't want to try it too
because I want to put it on my lids
also. Um cuz I don't have any eye
product. But I love doing this to blend
everything in. I have the stick bronze
by Dior
in shade light fair.
Really pretty as well. And oh, what am I
doing? Okay.
I kind of wanna
Okay, I'm gonna
just gonna make this look a little bit
Yeah,
just want my cheek to be a little bit
more bronzed.
See how this one just made it warmer?
This is beautiful, too. Wow.
We're going to do blush. And for blush,
we're going to use the Dior Backstage
Rosy Glow in shade number 12, Rosewood.
The packaging of this is
I have no words. This is so pretty. Like
that.
Oh my god, it's so pigmented. Wow. Okay,
I didn't expect that.
Oh, this is pretty. As usual, I go
upwards. Little bit on the nose.
Okay. A little goes a really long way.
Wow, I'm looking crazy. Am I looking
crazy? Wait. I do love cream products.
Cream bronzer, cream blushes. Just feels
nicer. It just feels like it looks
better. It tracks the sunshine. Looks
beautiful in pictures. So,
I do enjoy taking whatever bronzer,
powder, or stick bronzer to
um do on my eyelids. I think eyeshadow
is an important step because it just
bring that little contour to your eyes
that makes them pop. So, I personally
can't go without some kind of eye
shadow.
See how it just opened my eye in a way
that on the other side it's just
not as opened. So, there we've done the
eyeshadow. So, this is great. This means
you can do your bronzer, you can do your
eyes. So, that's great if you like to
not have many products in your home or
just want to travel light. You can
travel only with this. That's a great
point. I also have a hot escape cheek
palette by Nars. And here you have
Lagouna 01, Lagona in shade 01, Ailia
highlighter powder, thrill blush, and
bad behavior blush. Oo la.
Look how pretty this is. This is coming
to Bali because I feel like this can be
such a pretty kind of highlighter. This
can be such a pretty highlighter. Love
this type of pink. It's kind of a
universal pink. It's gorgeous on anyone.
And this is the bronzer. And I think it
could look really, really good. I'm
going to use um I'm going to use this as
a highlighter. Are we ready?
Use this angled brush.
Is it? Oh. Whoa. Look at that.
Oh, it's so pretty. Oh, it's so pretty.
I love it. It's kind of that wet look.
Are we ready?
Going to go over here.
Oh my god. Do you see it? Oo.
This is vibes. This for summer is
vibe.
Oh my god. So pretty. Okay. Do you see
this? It's gorgeous. Wow. And now we're
going to do mascara. Climax in explicit
black. This is what it looks like. Love
this packaging. This very pretty. I love
this red. Tip when you put mascara on is
put a mirror, put it down, look down,
and then do that. Feel like it's the
best way to put your mascara on easily
and not put anything onto your makeup.
So, since it grips well and then you
pull it up, it gives a great lift.
H. Okay.
So, mascara, no mascara. See the
difference? It's looking good, huh?
Okay. This is what I like about this
mascara, and I am picky.
It's It's brought a lot of lift. It
looks really pretty, but see how it
didn't do any clumps of anything.
And that is so important. I do not like
mascara that look clumpy or
that looks there's too much on each
lash. See how my lashes are still very
beautifully defined? There's not too
much product on it, but it still gave
that wow effect. Very pretty. So, we're
going to use I got a lip liner from Nars
is the rose bud.
Oo, this is pretty. This is a nice shade
kind of. Oh, it's very pink. It's not
what I usually use, but we're trying new
things today.
Okay, here it is. So, it's kind of a
pinkish
orang-ish kind of lip. Then in lip
products, I have the Merit lipstick in
shade baby, which is exactly the type of
shade I love. This is kind of pinkish
brownish.
And then let's bring a little bit of
gloss. Then I have the Drawer Addict lip
oil in shade
77, Rosy Candy. Really pretty.
And they're very comfortable on the
skin, on the lips.
Um
Oh, that is so pretty. So it's just very
like transparent but because it has some
shimmer in
which it's
see gives kind of that golden finish.
So pretty. And so that's it guys. Here
is the final makeup. Let me know what
you think. Let me know what product
maybe you already have and love. Uh but
yeah this looks really really nice. I
just saw myself also in the mirror once
again where I usually do my makeup and
my makeup looks really pretty. Good
morning guys. It's the day before the
trip and I don't think I don't know
about you guys. I don't think I've ever
had a day prior to a trip that wasn't
hectic and with a list of 1,000 things
to do before we go. Uh the first thing
we're doing this morning is we're going
to the tailor. We're going to try to beg
him to do an alteration on the dress
that I bought. I bought a dress when I
was in London and it needs to be
shortened. And so I'm going to go and
beg him to see if he can do that um
today and I pick it up tonight.
Okay, it's done. He said today 6:00 p.m.
So it's perfect. Second step of the day.
I am going to go get my nails done. I'm
going to do a little gel nail um
manicure.
I thought I'd do it there in Bali. And
then I thought to myself, I don't want
to waste my time doing my nails. I'd
rather be doing something else on
vacation. And but I also love when my
nails look good the whole time on
vacation. I hate it when they break or
they look bad or whatever. So gel now it
is.
It's time, guys. We're packing for
Baldi. So I am starting to put things a
little bit on the side. Um,
the thing about trips like these. So,
this time we're seeing two two months.
No, not two months, two weeks in Bali,
how I've been
packing, how I've been like editing
things. So, first of all, Bali to me is
like a high summer closet. So, these are
all the pieces that I have tucked away
in my closet because it's not pieces
that I usually wear in Paris, especially
certain dresses and skirts and things
like that. So basically, I'm going to
pull everything out and then see what I
want to bring from that collection. I
would say there's many, many things that
I've had for many years, but I still
wear them. Only thing I feel I can show
you guys is what I purchased recently. I
purchased, wait, this is such a pretty
purchase. This is kind of a sarong skirt
from Raten Boa. And on the sides, you
basically can tie it up however you
want. Make it short, make it long. It
has a nice little detail like that. It's
so pretty. Summer Swim actually gifted
me a two-piece that's going to look
absolutely perfect with this. Look at
that. So cute together. They also have
Ratboa also has the bikini that actually
goes with this song in the same print.
But I like to mix and match and I feel
like these two greens really complement
each other well. Also gifted me a one
piece and I love their one pieces
because they're so super
um sexy
and always really well cut.
How does this work? Okay, so it's like
this. See, it's brown. It has this
keyhole. It has this pretty detail. It
has this pretty detail. I love this.
Even I could wear this, you know, with
like white linen trousers, go for a
little cocktail at sunset. It's a pretty
um
swimsuit that could be a top, bodysuit
top. I've been gifted this dress from
the brand Fenners, which I'm so excited.
I'm being very colorful on this
suitcase, but this is going to look so
pretty. It's like a big print. It's a
big flower printed. And I think this is
very much valley vibes, high summer
vibes. So, I'm very happy about this.
This is a rat and bo dress that I've had
for many years and I love because it's
long, it's really fun to wear. It's low
back and it just always works in this
type of environment. So, this I am
definitely putting aside. I'm doing a
first like I put everything I think I
love and then I edit it. Another dress I
love to bring is my
Aaki dress. It's the one with the
bodysuit and this like integrated skirt.
It's always so pretty and so perfect for
this type of trip. Definitely bringing
this little dress that I purchased last
summer. It's like this. And
it's like this. And then you put it
around your neck. They now actually made
it into a dress that's
without the neck piece. And I kind of
love it, too. And I think it's in black
and butter yellow or something like
that. Very, very fun dress to have.
Remember I told you guys I forgot my New
Year's Eve dress when we went to Laon
that I bought on Lioness. And so we have
that.
So it's just a simple kind of lace dress
and it has this kind of open detail in
the front. I bought this very I just
bought this actually. It's a simple tube
dress. I bought this at Zara. I will
link it down below.
It's perfect. Just a perfect simple
little summer dress when you just want
something that is still super
hot but very easy to wear. Crochet short
that I bought in Bali. Actually, I love
this pair of short. I always bring it
with me. And I'm going to go back to the
store where I bought this. Well, it's
not a store. It's a stand in a market
specific stand. And I'm going to go back
and see if she has others in other
colors. But I'm definitely packing this.
The same style but in a longer midi
version is a rat and boa. They still
have it too. This is such a beautiful
piece to have for summer. The brown is
perfect. You have buttons so you can
play with the decor. It doesn't have to
be this low. Um and it just looks great
with flats. It looks great with high
heel sandals. It's a great great piece
to have. Honestly, I really love this.
It's really, really gorgeous. For
sunglasses, I'm packing these four cuz I
feel they're very different. Um, this
one are the Heaven Mayhem ones. This is
a Chanel that I bought many years ago.
This one is from Veia and this one's
from Villia. like this. I have a smaller
size, a full black one, a more, you
know, um, bigger mask vibe and a more
dainty kind of chic one. So, I feel I
have everything covered in terms of
styles. I'm also bringing this little
um,
camera. It's so fun to have these type
of cameras. It just makes some really
cool pictures. So, I can't wait to kind
of document the whole trip with this
little baby. But to finish, I have to
say that I am so excited to go back to
Bali. If you're new to this channel, and
you might not know this, I lived in Bali
for 2 years. I moved there at the time,
I think in 2021 with my ex companion, if
I can call him like that. Um,
and in 2023, I decided to break up and I
packed my bags and I came back to Paris.
And um, honestly, it's been the best
decision ever. My life has changed so
much since then. And in so many ways,
was such a hard but extremely
transformative year for myself. I had to
take some really really hard decisions.
I had to go through some really hard um
times
and that year was extremely intense but
it really um
just
I don't know transformed me and I'll
always have something special for Bali
because I love Bali. I feel like it
always felt like my home and it's also a
place where I think I grew a lot and I
it just I don't know it gave me a lot of
courage. It gave me everything that I
needed to kind of find myself to
understand what I want in in many many
ways. So it's a place that I really hold
close to my heart. So I'm I'm very very
happy to go back there. And I recently
heard someone say this. I think was on a
podcast that said
we are always faced with having to make
decisions in life and instead of
thinking oh did I make the right one or
this or that you should always just once
you've made a decision then it you have
to do everything that it takes to make
sure that it is the best decision you've
ever made and I think that's a great
philosophy to be like I feel like a lot
of people sometimes are a little scared
to take decision and then when they do
they're kind of like see I shouldn't
have done this I shouldn't have done
that and I think that it's important
that you take a decision and once you're
into it you stick to it and you make it
the best ever and I think that was I
really align with this um philosophy so
this was the last time I was in Bali
that was my last day Bali the 16th of
May 2023 a new chapter starts for me and
I had taking these flowers uh from my
garden and I put them here and I dried
them and I don't know this page is like
super special for me in my journal and I
think I'm going to be closing this
chapter and I'm going to get the same
flowers and I'm going to dry them too. I
feel it's a moment. So, here we are
guys. This is the end of this little at
home prep vlog. I hope you enjoyed it.
Next time you see me, we're going to
London and then we'll go to Bali. All
right, guys. I hope you enjoyed this
vlog. I wish you all a beautiful day or
a beautiful night wherever you are. And
I'll catch you guys in my next video.
Bye, guys.